the trick is to take good
references
if you notice I take the edge of the
waistband for the fork twist and the
fold is exactly at the end of
the previous
you will have to take your own
references
This cloth is quite thick
but I encourage you to make your own
tests with finer fabrics or even
with two fabrics together is a trick that
works
the folds have been left to simple
equal sight
but let's check it
all have the measure of the fork
at the beginning it's easy now we're going to
use the subway
exactly two and a half centimeters each
fold
the size of the fork also influences
clear the dessert fork or the fork
of meat
it's up to you
a sewing plate with two forks
until the next video
[Music]